How you get closer to love?
How you lemonade all your sadness when you openin' up?
How you make excuses for billionaires you broke on the bus?
I need niggas around me rollin' up and smokin' me up
Because, because a rainforest cries
Everybody dies a little
And I just wanna dance tonight
And I just wanna dance tonight
Ah, yeah
He my little baby Medusa, tippin' the juice up
I go back and forth in an Uber, travel for two months
I'm the emptiest hallelujah, open my chest up
It's a rabbit inside my hat, angel all dressed up
Lookin' to bless up at the milk and the honey gates
I make money for money sake, I been writin' a hundred days
Took the wretched out the earth and called it baby Fanon
I know my shoulder blades are shattered wings that carry me home
I said baby, come on, you know this flesh is only temporary, brittle as bone
Why don't you empty out your love for me, then chisel the stone?
These are ten black commandments, a property loan
'Cause every bladed grass of earth, we don't actually own
"I am the I am", says Sam, am I?
The universe bleeds infinity, you got one life
Uh, yeah, how you get closer to love?
How you lemonade all your sadness when you openin' up?
How you make excuses for billionaires you broke on the bus?
I need niggas around me rollin' up and smokin' me up
Because, because a rainforest cries (cries)
Everybody dies a little (everybody dies a little)
I just wanna dance tonight
I just wanna dance tonight (I just wanna dance tonight)
If you think you love me, then bury me when the sun up
Faded with the homie, he pearlin' another blunt up
Talkin' to Muhammed like, "Niggas don't really trust us"
Dyin' on stolen land for a dollar like that ain't fucked up
It's fuck they money, I'ma say it every song
Until the revolution come and all the feds start runnin'
Fuck a goodwill hunting, this is brand new murder
Revolutionary suicide, then close the curtain
You ain't seen death, I can hear the blood on the moon
These niggas put a flag upon it, all they do is consume
Only animal that ravage everything in its path
They turned a natural resource into a bundle of cash
Made the world anti-black, then divided the class
Now the rich niggas is rich niggas with your bread
Really bitch niggas with big figures, some cokeheads
These bitches is cokeheads, man (uh), fuck a billionaire, nigga
How you get closer to love?
How you lemonade all your sadness when you openin' up?
How you make excuses for billionaires, you broke on the bus?
I need niggas around me rollin' up and smokin' me up
Because, because a rainforest cries (cries)
Everybody dies a little (everybody dies a little)
I just wanna dance tonight (dance)
I just wanna dance tonight